Update case-cond-and-if.md (#13158)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/getting-started/case-cond-and-if.md

** (CaseClauseError) no case clause matching: :ok
```

> The documentation for the `Kernel` module lists all available guards in its sidebar. You can also consult the complete [Patterns and Guards](patterns-and-guards.html#guards) reference for in-depth documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation for the `Kernel` module lists all available guards in its sidebar. You can also consult the complete [Patterns and Guards](../references/patterns-and-guards.md#guards) reference for in-depth documentation.
```
